what is going on guys I am Jehovah and I
am here in survival to in our crew
diverse server as you can see our admin
actually just removed the Great Wall
this is historic this is a historic
moment here on survival to as a part of
the crew members server basically what
we have just done and there's going to
be some lag because we're doing big
world edits and stuff we're actually
just moments ago we have changed
survival to to PVE and removed pvp so
basically you cannot kill other players
in here now so survival to is solely for
coming in surviving gathering resources
you know gaining I don't know wealth via
crops and fishing and whatever you want
to do in the in-game store and all that
good stuff so a lot of you guys have
been asking for it on the forum and
various forms of feedback and stuff like
that so we wanted to deliver and give
you guys what would make you happy so
survival one is still PvP you want to go
and survive and survival one and fight
and pillage and steal you can do
that in one but PvP has been disabled
and survival to also in survival two
very very soon we are going to be adding
the ability to claim plots I'm not sure
you know it may be kind of like a based
on your amount of time that you played
in server is how big your plot will be
able to be that you'll be allowed to
have within the game but you will be
able to claim plots and keep people from
griefing your houses and stuff like that
in survival to very very soon that's not
implemented yet but PvP is now disabled
so I just want to let you guys know also
at some point today there will be some
scheduled maintenance and two of our
servers will actually be down this is
from our server company it's not
actually from us and those two servers
will be creative one and Skyblock so at
some point today those will be down for
about an hour but they should come right
back up and every
things should go back to normal so
anyways I just wanted to keep you guys
updated and that's what's going on with
survival to PvP is now disabled and plot
claiming coming very very soon get in
here start playing I love you guys